README.md, before:

# NOTE: THIS IS A WIP. First actual presentation is during the following meetup: https://www.meetup.com/nl-NL/CodeByTheCity/events/252590552/

# Starting with Progressive Web Apps (PWA)
Presentation slides for my presentation about Progressive Web Apps.

## Contents
* **Definition of Progressive Web App**<br/>
<small>When is your site a Progressive Web App? What advantages are there and when will you use PWA? And how can you test compatibility?</small>

* **Server workers, offline usability and push notifications**<br/>
<small>What are service workers and how do they relate to offline access and push notifications?</small>

* **Building your first app with React**<br/>
<small>Build your first Progressive Web App with React. Rendering, routing and more.</small>

* **Handling state with Redux**<br/>
<small>Organize changes in state with Redux and how to correctly implement async changes.</small>

* **Common pitfalls**<br/>
<small>Device/browser specific issues, SEO, Server side rendering</small>

## Run the presentation
Just use `./run.sh` and it will start a docker container. You can than access the slides trough http://localhost:5040

Commit message:

Add nodejs/express server for slides

README.md, after:

# NOTE: THIS IS A WIP. First actual presentation is during the following meetup: https://www.meetup.com/nl-NL/CodeByTheCity/events/252590552/

# Starting with Progressive Web Apps (PWA)
Presentation slides for my presentation about Progressive Web Apps.

## Contents
* **Definition of Progressive Web App**<br/>
<small>When is your site a Progressive Web App? What advantages are there and when will you use PWA? And how can you test compatibility?</small>

* **Server workers, offline usability and push notifications**<br/>
<small>What are service workers and how do they relate to offline access and push notifications?</small>

* **Building your first app with React**<br/>
<small>Build your first Progressive Web App with React. Rendering, routing and more.</small>

* **Handling state with Redux**<br/>
<small>Organize changes in state with Redux and how to correctly implement async changes.</small>

* **Common pitfalls**<br/>
<small>Device/browser specific issues, SEO, Server side rendering</small>

## Run the presentation
Using Docker:
Just use `./run.sh` and it will start a docker container.

Using NodeJS:
Run `yarn install` or `npm install` to install dependencies. Then use `node server.js` to start the server.

In both cases you can access the slides trough http://localhost:5040
